docs/cli-gui.md, before:

The AEA Command Line Interface (CLI) can also be invoked from a Graphical User Interface (GUI) which can be access from a web browser. 

These instructions will take you through building an agent, starting an OEF Node and running the agent - all from the GUI. Once you can do this, the other operations should be fairly self-explanatory.

## Preliminaries

Ensure you have the framework installed and the CLI is working by following the [quick-start guide](quickstart.md). 

Additionally, install the following revision of the `connexion` package:

```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/neverpanic/connexion.git@jsonschema-3#egg=connexion[swagger-ui] 
```

## Starting the GUI
Go to your working folder, where you want to create new agents. If you followed the quick start guide, this will be in the my_aea directory. Start the local web-server:
``` bash
aea gui
```

Open this page in a browser: [http://127.0.0.1:8080](http://127.0.0.1:8080)

You should see the following page displayed:

<center>![new gui screen](assets/cli_gui01_clean.png)</center>

On the left-hand side we can see any agents you have created and any protocols, connections and skills they have. Initially this will be empty - or if you have created an agent using the CLI in the quick-start guide and not deleted it then that should be listed.

On the right-hand side is the Reqistry which shows all the protocols, connections and skills which are available to you to construct your agents out of.

To create a new agent and run it, follow these steps:
<center>![gui sequence](assets/cli_gui02_sequence.png)</center>

1. In the [Create Agent id] box on the left. type the name of your agent - e.g. my_new_agent. This should now be the currently selected agent - but you can click on its name in the list to make sure. 
2. Click the [Create Agent] button - the newly created agent should appear in the [Local Agents] table
3. On the right hand side, find the Echo skill and click on it - this will select it
4. Click on the [Add skill] button - which should actually now say "Add echo skill to my_new_agent agent"
5. Start an OEF Node, by clicking on the [Start OEF Node] button. Wait for the text saying "A thing of beauty is a joy forever..." to appear. This shows that the node has started successfully

    <center>![start node](assets/cli_gui03_oef_node.png)</center>

6. Start the agent running, by clicking on the [start agent] button - you should see the output from the echo agent appearing on the screen

    <center>![start agent](assets/cli_gui04_new_agent.png)</center>

This is how your whole page should look if you followed the instructions correctly
<center>![whole screen running](assets/cli_gui05_full_running_agent.png)</center>

Commit message:

tell the user to explicitly install aea[cli_gui] extra

docs/cli-gui.md, after:

The AEA Command Line Interface (CLI) can also be invoked from a Graphical User Interface (GUI) which can be access from a web browser. 

These instructions will take you through building an agent, starting an OEF Node and running the agent - all from the GUI. Once you can do this, the other operations should be fairly self-explanatory.

## Preliminaries

Ensure you have the framework installed and the CLI is working by following the [quick-start guide](quickstart.md). 

Please install the extra dependency for the CLI GUI:
```python
pip install aea[cli_gui]
```

Additionally, install the following revision of the `connexion` package:

```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/neverpanic/connexion.git@jsonschema-3#egg=connexion[swagger-ui] 
```

## Starting the GUI
Go to your working folder, where you want to create new agents. If you followed the quick start guide, this will be in the my_aea directory. Start the local web-server:
``` bash
aea gui
```

Open this page in a browser: [http://127.0.0.1:8080](http://127.0.0.1:8080)

You should see the following page displayed:

<center>![new gui screen](assets/cli_gui01_clean.png)</center>

On the left-hand side we can see any agents you have created and any protocols, connections and skills they have. Initially this will be empty - or if you have created an agent using the CLI in the quick-start guide and not deleted it then that should be listed.

On the right-hand side is the Reqistry which shows all the protocols, connections and skills which are available to you to construct your agents out of.

To create a new agent and run it, follow these steps:
<center>![gui sequence](assets/cli_gui02_sequence.png)</center>

1. In the [Create Agent id] box on the left. type the name of your agent - e.g. my_new_agent. This should now be the currently selected agent - but you can click on its name in the list to make sure. 
2. Click the [Create Agent] button - the newly created agent should appear in the [Local Agents] table
3. On the right hand side, find the Echo skill and click on it - this will select it
4. Click on the [Add skill] button - which should actually now say "Add echo skill to my_new_agent agent"
5. Start an OEF Node, by clicking on the [Start OEF Node] button. Wait for the text saying "A thing of beauty is a joy forever..." to appear. This shows that the node has started successfully

    <center>![start node](assets/cli_gui03_oef_node.png)</center>

6. Start the agent running, by clicking on the [start agent] button - you should see the output from the echo agent appearing on the screen

    <center>![start agent](assets/cli_gui04_new_agent.png)</center>

This is how your whole page should look if you followed the instructions correctly
<center>![whole screen running](assets/cli_gui05_full_running_agent.png)</center>
