docs/hacking-an-agent.md, before:

## Preliminaries

These instructions detail the Python code you need for running an AEA outside the `cli` tool, using the code interface. 

  
This guide assumes you have already followed the Preliminaries and Installation section in the [quick start](quickstart.md) guide and so have the framework installed and the packages and scripts directory downloaded into the directory you are working in.


## Create private key
Before we make our agent we make a private key to be used in the wallet. Open a terminal and type:
    
``` bash
python scripts/generate_private_key.py my_key.txt
```

## Imports

Now we can start to write our python script. 

First, import the necessary common Python libraries and classes.

``` python
import os
import time
from threading import Thread
import yaml
```

Then, import the application specific libraries.

``` python
from aea.aea import AEA
from aea import AEA_DIR
from aea.skills.base import Skill
from aea.connections.stub.connection import StubConnection
from aea.crypto.ledger_apis import LedgerApis
from aea.crypto.wallet import Wallet
from aea.protocols.default.serialization import DefaultSerializer
from aea.registries.base import Resources
from aea.configurations.base import ProtocolConfig
from aea.protocols.base import Protocol
```

Set up a variable pointing to where the packages directory is located - this should be our current directory. 
``` python
root_dir = "./"
```

## Clearing the input and output files
We will use the stub connection to pass envelopes in and out of the agent. Ensure that any input and output text files are removed before we start.
``` python
# Ensure the input and output files do not exist initially
input_filename = "input.txt"
output_filename = "output.txt"
if os.path.isfile(input_filename):
    os.remove(input_filename)
if os.path.isfile(output_filename):
    os.remove(output_filename)
```

## Initialise the agent
We use the private key file we created to initialise a wallet, we also create the stub connection, tell it what Ledger APIs we are going to use (none in this example) and create a resources object containing skills, protocols and connections (this is initially empty). 

Then we pass all of this into the AEA constructor to create our agent.
``` python
# Set up the wallet, stub connection, ledger and (empty) resources
wallet = Wallet({'default': 'my_key.txt'})
stub_connection = StubConnection(input_file_path=input_filename, output_file_path=output_filename)
ledger_apis = LedgerApis({})
resources = Resources('')

# Create our AEA
my_agent = AEA("my_agent", [stub_connection], wallet, ledger_apis, resources)
```

Create the default protocol and add it to the agent
``` python
# Add the default protocol
default_protocol_configuration = ProtocolConfig.from_json(
    yaml.safe_load(open(os.path.join(AEA_DIR, "protocols", "default", "protocol.yaml"))))
default_protocol = Protocol("default", DefaultSerializer(), default_protocol_configuration)
resources.protocol_registry.register(("default", None), default_protocol)
```

Create the error skill (needed by all agents) and the echo skill which will bounce our messages back to us
``` python
# Add the error skill and the echo skill
echo_skill = Skill.from_dir(os.path.join(root_dir, "packages", "skills", "echo"), my_agent.context)
resources.add_skill(echo_skill)
error_skill = Skill.from_dir(os.path.join(AEA_DIR, "skills", "error"), my_agent.context)
resources.add_skill(error_skill)
```

## Start the agent
We run the agent from a different thread so that we can still use the main thread to pass it messages.
``` python
# Set the agent running in a different thread
t = Thread(target=my_agent.start)
t.start()

# Wait for everything to start up
time.sleep(4)
```

## Send and receive an envelope
We use the input and output text files to send an envelope to our agent and receive a response (from the echo skill)
``` python
# Create a message inside an envelope and get the stub connection to pass it on to the echo skill
message_text = 'my_agent,other_agent,default,{"type": "bytes", "content": "aGVsbG8="}'
with open(input_filename, 'w') as f:
    f.write(message_text)
    print("input message: " + message_text)

# Wait for the envelope to get processed
time.sleep(4)

# Read the output envelope generated by the echo skill
with open(output_filename, 'r') as f:
    print("output message: " + f.readline())
```

## Shutdown
Finally stop our agent and wait for it to finish
``` python
# Shut down the agent
my_agent.stop()
t.join()
```

## Running the agent
If you now run this python script file, you should see this output:

    No protocol found.
    No skill found.
    input message: my_agent,other_agent,default,{"type": "bytes", "content": "aGVsbG8="}
    output message: other_agent,my_agent,default,{"type": "bytes", "content": "aGVsbG8="}


## Entire code listing
If you just want to copy and past the entire script in you can find it here:

<details><summary>Click here to see full listing</summary>
<p>

```python
import os
import time
from threading import Thread
import yaml

from aea.aea import AEA
from aea import AEA_DIR
from aea.skills.base import Skill
from aea.connections.stub.connection import StubConnection
from aea.crypto.ledger_apis import LedgerApis
from aea.crypto.wallet import Wallet
from aea.protocols.default.serialization import DefaultSerializer
from aea.registries.base import Resources
from aea.configurations.base import ProtocolConfig
from aea.protocols.base import Protocol

root_dir = "./"

# Ensure the input and output files do not exist initially
input_filename = "input.txt"
output_filename = "output.txt"
if os.path.isfile(input_filename):
    os.remove(input_filename)
if os.path.isfile(output_filename):
    os.remove(output_filename)

# set up the Wallet, stub connection, ledger and (empty) resources
wallet = Wallet({'default': 'my_key.txt'})
stub_connection = StubConnection(input_file_path=input_filename, output_file_path=output_filename)
ledger_apis = LedgerApis({}, 'default')
resources = Resources('')

# Create our AEA
my_agent = AEA("my_agent", [stub_connection], wallet, ledger_apis, resources)

# Add the default protocol
default_protocol_configuration = ProtocolConfig.from_json(
    yaml.safe_load(open(os.path.join(AEA_DIR, "protocols", "default", "protocol.yaml"))))
default_protocol = Protocol("default", DefaultSerializer(), default_protocol_configuration)
resources.protocol_registry.register(("default", None), default_protocol)

# Add the error skill and the echo skill
echo_skill = Skill.from_dir(os.path.join(root_dir, "packages", "skills", "echo"), my_agent.context)
resources.add_skill(echo_skill)
error_skill = Skill.from_dir(os.path.join(AEA_DIR, "skills", "error"), my_agent.context)
resources.add_skill(error_skill)

# Set the agent running in a different thread
t = Thread(target=my_agent.start)
t.start()

# Wait for everything to start up
time.sleep(4)

# Create a message inside an envelope and get the stub connection to pass it on to the echo skill
message_text = 'my_agent,other_agent,default,{"type": "bytes", "content": "aGVsbG8="}'
with open(input_filename, 'w') as f:
    f.write(message_text)
    print("input message: " + message_text)

# Wait for the envelope to get processed
time.sleep(4)

# Read the output envelope generated by the echo skill
with open(output_filename, 'r') as f:
    print("output message: " + f.readline())

# Shut down the agent
my_agent.stop()
t.join()
t = None

```
</p>
</details>

<br />

Commit message:

fix programmatic guide, add programmatic mode flag to aea/agent

docs/hacking-an-agent.md, after:

## Preliminaries

These instructions detail the Python code you need for running an AEA outside the `cli` tool, using the code interface. 

  
This guide assumes you have already followed the Preliminaries and Installation section in the [quick start](quickstart.md) guide and so have the framework installed and the packages and scripts directory downloaded into the directory you are working in.


## Create private key
Before we make our agent we make a private key to be used in the wallet. Open a terminal and type:
    
``` bash
python scripts/generate_private_key.py my_key.txt
```

## Imports

Now we can start to write our python script. 

First, import the necessary common Python libraries and classes.

``` python
import os
import time
from threading import Thread
import yaml
```

Then, import the application specific libraries.

``` python
from aea.aea import AEA
from aea import AEA_DIR
from aea.skills.base import Skill
from aea.connections.stub.connection import StubConnection
from aea.crypto.default import DEFAULT
from aea.crypto.ledger_apis import LedgerApis
from aea.crypto.wallet import Wallet
from aea.protocols.default.serialization import DefaultSerializer
from aea.registries.base import Resources
from aea.configurations.base import ProtocolConfig
from aea.protocols.base import Protocol
```

Set up a variable pointing to where the packages directory is located - this should be our current directory. 
``` python
root_dir = "./"
```

## Clearing the input and output files
We will use the stub connection to pass envelopes in and out of the agent. Ensure that any input and output text files are removed before we start.
``` python
# Ensure the input and output files do not exist initially
input_filename = "input.txt"
output_filename = "output.txt"
if os.path.isfile(input_filename):
    os.remove(input_filename)
if os.path.isfile(output_filename):
    os.remove(output_filename)
```

## Initialise the agent
We use the private key file we created to initialise a wallet, we also create the stub connection, tell it what Ledger APIs we are going to use (none in this example) and create a resources object containing skills, protocols and connections (this is initially empty). 

Then we pass all of this into the AEA constructor to create our agent.
``` python
# Set up the wallet, stub connection, ledger and (empty) resources
wallet = Wallet({DEFAULT: 'my_key.txt'})
stub_connection = StubConnection(input_file_path=input_filename, output_file_path=output_filename)
ledger_apis = LedgerApis({}, DEFAULT)
resources = Resources()

# Create our AEA
my_agent = AEA("my_agent", [stub_connection], wallet, ledger_apis, resources, programmatic=True)
```

Create the default protocol and add it to the agent.
``` python
# Add the default protocol (which is part of the AEA distribution)
default_protocol_configuration = ProtocolConfig.from_json(
    yaml.safe_load(open(os.path.join(AEA_DIR, "protocols", "default", "protocol.yaml"))))
default_protocol = Protocol("default", DefaultSerializer(), default_protocol_configuration)
resources.protocol_registry.register(("default", None), default_protocol)
```

Create the error skill (needed by all agents) and the echo skill which will bounce our messages back to us, and add them both to the agent.
``` python
# Add the error skill (from the local packages dir) and the echo skill (which is part of the AEA distribution)
echo_skill = Skill.from_dir(os.path.join(root_dir, "packages", "fetchai", "skills", "echo"), my_agent.context)
resources.add_skill(echo_skill)
error_skill = Skill.from_dir(os.path.join(AEA_DIR, "skills", "error"), my_agent.context)
resources.add_skill(error_skill)
```

## Start the agent
We run the agent from a different thread so that we can still use the main thread to pass it messages.
``` python
# Set the agent running in a different thread
t = Thread(target=my_agent.start)
t.start()

# Wait for everything to start up
time.sleep(4)
```

## Send and receive an envelope
We use the input and output text files to send an envelope to our agent and receive a response (from the echo skill)
``` python
# Create a message inside an envelope and get the stub connection to pass it on to the echo skill
message_text = 'my_agent,other_agent,default,{"type": "bytes", "content": "aGVsbG8="}'
with open(input_filename, 'w') as f:
    f.write(message_text)
    print("input message: " + message_text)

# Wait for the envelope to get processed
time.sleep(4)

# Read the output envelope generated by the echo skill
with open(output_filename, 'r') as f:
    print("output message: " + f.readline())
```

## Shutdown
Finally stop our agent and wait for it to finish
``` python
# Shut down the agent
my_agent.stop()
t.join()
```

## Running the agent
If you now run this python script file, you should see this output:

    input message: my_agent,other_agent,default,{"type": "bytes", "content": "aGVsbG8="}
    output message: other_agent,my_agent,default,{"type": "bytes", "content": "aGVsbG8="}


## Entire code listing
If you just want to copy and past the entire script in you can find it here:

<details><summary>Click here to see full listing</summary>
<p>

```python
import os
import time
from threading import Thread
import yaml

from aea.aea import AEA
from aea import AEA_DIR
from aea.skills.base import Skill
from aea.connections.stub.connection import StubConnection
from aea.crypto.default import DEFAULT
from aea.crypto.ledger_apis import LedgerApis
from aea.crypto.wallet import Wallet
from aea.protocols.default.serialization import DefaultSerializer
from aea.registries.base import Resources
from aea.configurations.base import ProtocolConfig
from aea.protocols.base import Protocol

root_dir = "./"

# Ensure the input and output files do not exist initially
input_filename = "input.txt"
output_filename = "output.txt"
if os.path.isfile(input_filename):
    os.remove(input_filename)
if os.path.isfile(output_filename):
    os.remove(output_filename)

# set up the Wallet, stub connection, ledger and (empty) resources
wallet = Wallet({DEFAULT: 'my_key.txt'})
stub_connection = StubConnection(input_file_path=input_filename, output_file_path=output_filename)
ledger_apis = LedgerApis({}, DEFAULT)
resources = Resources()

# Create our AEA
my_agent = AEA("my_agent", [stub_connection], wallet, ledger_apis, resources, programmatic=True)

# Add the default protocol (which is part of the AEA distribution)
default_protocol_configuration = ProtocolConfig.from_json(
    yaml.safe_load(open(os.path.join(AEA_DIR, "protocols", "default", "protocol.yaml"))))
default_protocol = Protocol("default", DefaultSerializer(), default_protocol_configuration)
resources.protocol_registry.register(("default", None), default_protocol)

# Add the error skill (from the local packages dir) and the echo skill (which is part of the AEA distribution)
echo_skill = Skill.from_dir(os.path.join(root_dir, "packages", "fetchai", "skills", "echo"), my_agent.context)
resources.add_skill(echo_skill)
error_skill = Skill.from_dir(os.path.join(AEA_DIR, "skills", "error"), my_agent.context)
resources.add_skill(error_skill)

# Set the agent running in a different thread
t = Thread(target=my_agent.start)
t.start()

# Wait for everything to start up
time.sleep(4)

# Create a message inside an envelope and get the stub connection to pass it on to the echo skill
message_text = 'my_agent,other_agent,default,{"type": "bytes", "content": "aGVsbG8="}'
with open(input_filename, 'w') as f:
    f.write(message_text)
    print("input message: " + message_text)

# Wait for the envelope to get processed
time.sleep(4)

# Read the output envelope generated by the echo skill
with open(output_filename, 'r') as f:
    print("output message: " + f.readline())

# Shut down the agent
my_agent.stop()
t.join()
t = None

```
</p>
</details>

<br />
