docs/ml-skills.md, before:

The AEA ml skills demonstrate an interaction between two AEAs trading data.

There are two types of AEAs:

* The ml data provider which sells training data.
* The ml model trainer which trains a model

## Preparation instructions

### Dependencies

Follow the <a href="../quickstart/#preliminaries">Preliminaries</a> and <a href="../quickstart/#installation">Installation</a> sections from the AEA quick start.


### Launch an OEF node
In a separate terminal, launch a local OEF node (for search and discovery).
``` bash
python scripts/oef/launch.py -c ./scripts/oef/launch_config.json
```

Keep it running for all the following demos.

## Demo instructions 1 - no ledger payment:


### Create the data provider AEA
In the root directory, create the data provider AEA and enter the project.
``` bash
aea create ml_data_provider
cd ml_data_provider
```

Add the `ml_data_provider` skill and `oef` connection.
``` bash
aea add connection fetchai/oef:0.1.0
aea add skill fetchai/ml_data_provider:0.1.0
```

### Alternatively, install the AEA directly
In the root directory, fetch the data provider AEA and enter the project.
``` bash
aea fetch fetchai/ml_data_provider:0.1.0
cd ml_data_provider
```
The `aea fetch` command creates the entire AEA, including its dependencies for you.

### Install the dependencies
The ml data provider uses `tensorflow` and `numpy`.
``` bash
aea install
```

### Run the data provider AEA
``` bash
aea run --connections fetchai/oef:0.1.0
```

### Create the model trainer AEA
In a separate terminal, in the root directory, create the model trainer AEA and enter the project.
``` bash
aea create ml_model_trainer
cd ml_model_trainer
```

Add the `ml_train` skill and `oef` connection.
``` bash
aea add connection fetchai/oef:0.1.0
aea add skill fetchai/ml_train:0.1.0
```

### Alternatively, install the AEA directly
In the root directory, fetch the data provider AEA and enter the project.
``` bash
aea fetch fetchai/ml_model_trainer:0.1.0
cd ml_model_trainer
```

### Install the dependencies
The ml data provider uses `tensorflow` and `numpy`.
``` bash
aea install
```

### Run the model trainer AEA
``` bash
aea run --connections fetchai/oef:0.1.0
```

After some time, you should see the AEAs transact and the model trainer train its model.


## Demo instructions 2 - Fetch.ai ledger payment:


We will now run the same demo but with a real ledger transaction on Fetch.ai test net.

### Update the AEA configs

Both in `ml_model_trainer/aea-config.yaml` and
`ml_data_provider/aea-config.yaml`, replace `ledger_apis: {}` with the following.

``` yaml
ledger_apis:
  fetchai:
    network: testnet
```

### Fund the ml model trainer AEA

Create some wealth for your ml model trainer on the Fetch.ai `testnet`. (It takes a while).
``` bash
aea generate-wealth fetchai
```

### Update the ml model trainer AEA skills config

We tell the ml model trainer skill to use the ledger, by using the following command:
``` bash
aea config set vendor.fetchai.skills.ml_train.shared_classes.strategy.args.is_ledger_tx True --type bool
```

### Run both AEAs

From their respective directories, run both AEAs
``` bash
aea run --connections fetchai/oef:0.1.0
```

### Clean up
``` bash
cd ..
aea delete ml_data_provider
aea delete ml_model_trainer
```

## Communication
This diagram shows the communication between the two AEAs.

<div class="mermaid">
    sequenceDiagram
        participant ml_model_trainer
        participant ml_data_provider
        participant Search
        participant Ledger
    
        activate ml_model_trainer
        activate ml_data_provider
        activate Search
        activate Ledger
        
        ml_data_provider->>Search: register_service
        ml_model_trainer->>Search: search
        Search-->>ml_model_trainer: list_of_agents
        ml_model_trainer->>ml_data_provider: call_for_terms
        ml_data_provider->>ml_model_trainer: terms
        ml_model_trainer->>Ledger: request_transaction
        ml_model_trainer->>ml_data_provider: accept (incl transaction_hash)
        ml_data_provider->>Ledger: check_transaction_status
        ml_data_provider->>ml_model_trainer: data
        loop train
            ml_model_trainer->>ml_model_trainer: tran_model
        end
        
        deactivate ml_model_trainer
        deactivate ml_data_provider
        deactivate Search
        deactivate Ledger

</div>

Commit message:

Update weather and ml skills docs to contain a discussion block

docs/ml-skills.md, after:

The AEA ml skills demonstrate an interaction between two AEAs trading data.

There are two types of AEAs:

* The ml data provider which sells training data.
* The ml model trainer which trains a model

## Preparation instructions

### Dependencies

Follow the <a href="../quickstart/#preliminaries">Preliminaries</a> and <a href="../quickstart/#installation">Installation</a> sections from the AEA quick start.

##Discussion

The scope of the specific demo is to demonstrate how to create a simple AEA with integration of machine learning, and the usage of the AEA framework. The ml_data_provider AEA
will provide some sample data and will deliver to the client upon payment. Once the client gets the data, it will train the model. The process can be found in the task.py file.
This demo does not utilize a smart contract. As a result, we interact with a ledger only to complete a transaction.

Since the AEA framework enables us to use third-party libraries hosted on PyPI we can directly reference the external dependencies.
The `aea install` command will install each dependency that the specific AEA needs and is listed in the skill's YAML file. 

### Launch an OEF node
In a separate terminal, launch a local OEF node (for search and discovery).
``` bash
python scripts/oef/launch.py -c ./scripts/oef/launch_config.json
```

Keep it running for all the following demos.

## Demo instructions 1 - no ledger payment:


### Create the data provider AEA
In the root directory, create the data provider AEA and enter the project.
``` bash
aea create ml_data_provider
cd ml_data_provider
```

Add the `ml_data_provider` skill and `oef` connection.
``` bash
aea add connection fetchai/oef:0.1.0
aea add skill fetchai/ml_data_provider:0.1.0
```

### Alternatively, install the AEA directly
In the root directory, fetch the data provider AEA and enter the project.
``` bash
aea fetch fetchai/ml_data_provider:0.1.0
cd ml_data_provider
```
The `aea fetch` command creates the entire AEA, including its dependencies for you.

### Install the dependencies
The ml data provider uses `tensorflow` and `numpy`.
``` bash
aea install
```

### Run the data provider AEA
``` bash
aea run --connections fetchai/oef:0.1.0
```

### Create the model trainer AEA
In a separate terminal, in the root directory, create the model trainer AEA and enter the project.
``` bash
aea create ml_model_trainer
cd ml_model_trainer
```

Add the `ml_train` skill and `oef` connection.
``` bash
aea add connection fetchai/oef:0.1.0
aea add skill fetchai/ml_train:0.1.0
```

### Alternatively, install the AEA directly
In the root directory, fetch the data provider AEA and enter the project.
``` bash
aea fetch fetchai/ml_model_trainer:0.1.0
cd ml_model_trainer
```

### Install the dependencies
The ml data provider uses `tensorflow` and `numpy`.
``` bash
aea install
```

### Run the model trainer AEA
``` bash
aea run --connections fetchai/oef:0.1.0
```

After some time, you should see the AEAs transact and the model trainer train its model.


## Demo instructions 2 - Fetch.ai ledger payment:


We will now run the same demo but with a real ledger transaction on Fetch.ai test net.

### Update the AEA configs

Both in `ml_model_trainer/aea-config.yaml` and
`ml_data_provider/aea-config.yaml`, replace `ledger_apis: {}` with the following.

``` yaml
ledger_apis:
  fetchai:
    network: testnet
```

### Fund the ml model trainer AEA

Create some wealth for your ml model trainer on the Fetch.ai `testnet`. (It takes a while).
``` bash
aea generate-wealth fetchai
```

### Update the ml model trainer AEA skills config

We tell the ml model trainer skill to use the ledger, by using the following command:
``` bash
aea config set vendor.fetchai.skills.ml_train.shared_classes.strategy.args.is_ledger_tx True --type bool
```

### Run both AEAs

From their respective directories, run both AEAs
``` bash
aea run --connections fetchai/oef:0.1.0
```

### Clean up
``` bash
cd ..
aea delete ml_data_provider
aea delete ml_model_trainer
```

## Communication
This diagram shows the communication between the two AEAs.

<div class="mermaid">
    sequenceDiagram
        participant ml_model_trainer
        participant ml_data_provider
        participant Search
        participant Ledger
    
        activate ml_model_trainer
        activate ml_data_provider
        activate Search
        activate Ledger
        
        ml_data_provider->>Search: register_service
        ml_model_trainer->>Search: search
        Search-->>ml_model_trainer: list_of_agents
        ml_model_trainer->>ml_data_provider: call_for_terms
        ml_data_provider->>ml_model_trainer: terms
        ml_model_trainer->>Ledger: request_transaction
        ml_model_trainer->>ml_data_provider: accept (incl transaction_hash)
        ml_data_provider->>Ledger: check_transaction_status
        ml_data_provider->>ml_model_trainer: data
        loop train
            ml_model_trainer->>ml_model_trainer: tran_model
        end
        
        deactivate ml_model_trainer
        deactivate ml_data_provider
        deactivate Search
        deactivate Ledger

</div>
