docs/tac.md, before:

TAC has its own repo. 

Follow the instructions below to build and run the TAC demo.


## Requirements

Make sure you are running <a href="https://docs.docker.com/install/" target=_blank>Docker</a> and <a href="https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/" target=_blank>Docker Compose</a>.



## Quick start

Clone the repo to include submodules.

``` bash
git clone git@github.com:fetchai/agents-tac.git --recursive && cd agents-tac
```


Create and launch a virtual environment.

``` bash
pipenv --python 3.7 && pipenv shell
```

Install the dependencies.

``` bash
pipenv install
```


Install the package.
``` bash
python setup.py install
```


Run the launch script.

``` bash
python scripts/launch.py.
```

The <a href="https://github.com/facebookresearch/visdom" target="_blank">visdom</a> server is now running.

The controller GUI at <a href="http://localhost:8097" target=_blank>http://localhost:8097</a> provides real time insights.

In the Environment tab, make sure you have the `tac_controller` environment selected.

<center>![AEA Visdom UI](assets/visdom_ui.png)</center>


## Alternative build and run - WIP

In a new terminal window, clone the repo, build the sandbox, and launch it.

``` bash
git clone git@github.com:fetchai/agents-tac.git --recursive && cd agents-tac
pipenv --python 3.7 && pipenv shell
python setup.py install
cd sandbox && docker-compose build
docker-compose up
```

In a new terminal window, enter the virtual environment, and connect a template agent to the sandbox.

``` bash
pipenv shell
python templates/v1/basic.py --name my_agent --dashboard.
```
<!-- Issue: https://github.com/fetchai/agents-tac/issues/389 -->

Click through to the <a href="http://localhost:8097" target="_blank">controller GUI</a>.



## Launcher GUI

!!!	Todo


## Possible gotchas

Kill all running containers before restart.

``` bash
docker kill $(docker ps -q)
# mac
docker ps -q | xargs docker stop ; docker system prune -a
```



<br/>

Commit message:

Finishing up instructions for TAC, Echo, and Gym

docs/tac.md, after:

TAC has its own repo. 

Follow the instructions below to build and run the TAC demo.


## Requirements

Make sure you are running <a href="https://docs.docker.com/install/" target=_blank>Docker</a> and <a href="https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/" target=_blank>Docker Compose</a>.


## Quick start

Clone the repo to include submodules.

``` bash
git clone git@github.com:fetchai/agents-tac.git --recursive && cd agents-tac
```

Check you have `pipenv`.

``` bash
which pipenv
```

If you don't have it, install it. Instructions are <a href="https://pypi.org/project/pipenv/" target=_blank>here</a>.


Create and launch a virtual environment.

``` bash
pipenv --python 3.7 && pipenv shell
```

Install the dependencies.

``` bash
pipenv install
```


Install the package.
``` bash
python setup.py install
```


Run the launch script. This may take a while.

``` bash
python scripts/launch.py
```

The <a href="https://github.com/facebookresearch/visdom" target="_blank">visdom</a> server is now running.

The controller GUI at <a href="http://localhost:8097" target=_blank>http://localhost:8097</a> provides real time insights.

In the Environment tab, make sure you have the `tac_controller` environment selected.

<center>![AEA Visdom UI](assets/visdom_ui.png)</center>


## Alternative build and run - WIP

In a new terminal window, clone the repo, build the sandbox, and launch it.

``` bash
git clone git@github.com:fetchai/agents-tac.git --recursive && cd agents-tac
pipenv --python 3.7 && pipenv shell
python setup.py install
cd sandbox && docker-compose build
docker-compose up
```

In a new terminal window, enter the virtual environment, and connect a template agent to the sandbox.

``` bash
pipenv shell
python templates/v1/basic.py --name my_agent --dashboard
```
<!-- Issue: https://github.com/fetchai/agents-tac/issues/389 -->

Click through to the <a href="http://localhost:8097" target="_blank">controller GUI</a>.



## Launcher GUI

!!!	Todo


## Possible gotchas

Stop all running containers before restart.

``` bash
docker stop $(docker ps -q)
```

To remove all images, run the following command.

``` bash
# mac
docker ps -q | xargs docker stop ; docker system prune -a
```



<br/>
